Fix export option iteration (#139)
codemagic-ci-cd/cli-tools: CHANGELOG.md

Version 0.9.4
-------------

**Fixes**

> - Create a dictview (key, value) tuple pair to iterate over when using `xcode-project use-profiles --custom-export-options`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix custom export option usage on `xcode-project use-profiles --custom-export-options`. Replace faulty argument unpacking usage with plain dictionary updates and iteration.
```
